
<!-- README.md is generated from README.Rmd. Please edit the README.Rmd file -->

# Lab report \#1

Follow the instructions posted at
<https://ds202-at-isu.github.io/labs.html> for the lab assignment. The
work is meant to be finished during the lab time, but you have time
until Monday evening to polish things.

Include your answers in this document (Rmd file). Make sure that it
knits properly (into the md file). Upload both the Rmd and the md file
to your repository.

All submissions to the github repo will be automatically uploaded for
grading once the due date is passed. Submit a link to your repository on
Canvas (only one submission per team) to signal to the instructors that
you are done with your submission.

“This is a line from RStudio” Cameron Kraklio- 12.3- no issues, straight
forward 12.4- Didn’t see a stage button after clicking git until after I
clicked commit, the UI may have changed or the the instructions may be
truncated. Needed to run a terminal command to get commit to work. 12.5-
No Issue 12.6- No Issue test

“This is a line from RStudio” Nathan Cole- 12.1- Installed git,
attemtped to introduce myself to git 12.2- Had no issues finding my
teams repo on github. 12.3- Had no problems importing the git repo into
rstudio. 12.4- Git would not let me commit at first because I did not
introduce myself to git correctly the first time. I fixed that and then
it let me commit. 12.5- Had no issues pushing changes online to github.
12.6- My changes appeared on the README on github.

David Chan- 12.1 - Had to download Git first 12.3 - Cloned the URL to R
from Git 12.4 - Had a lot of errors for commit, did not let me save the
changes or update the rmd file 12.5 - Could not push to update in Git
12.6 - Had to knit it to make a new file. Updated on README
